README.md, before:

# spring-ready-foundation
> ⚡ **Key message to the recruiter**:  
> *"I'm not learning Spring from scratch — I've **already built enterprise patterns** in C++/Go.  
> Spring will accelerate my growth, but the foundation is already here."*

---

## 🔗 Why this matters for your Java Trainee program
| Your requirement    | My proof                                              | How it connects to Spring                                                               |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Java Core / OOP** | 1 year self-study + C++ projects                      | My CGI-backend used pure ООП (Product/Category classes) → perfect base for Spring beans |
| **SQL / DB**        | SQLite CRUD in C++ (`ShopDB.find_product_by_model()`) | Spring Data JPA = automation of my manual SQL logic                                     |
| **Microservices**   | 3 Go services (router, weather API, Authentication)   | Direct prep for Spring Cloud (my router = API Gateway prototype)                        |
| **DevOps**          | Docker/microk8s in course project                     | Enterprise-ready infrastructure skills (FinTech critical!)                              |

---

## 🚀 My flagship project: C++ CGI → Spring Boot prototype
```cpp
// In my code (main.cpp, line 45):
if (option == 7) { /* Adding a product */ }
```
```java
// What it will look like in Spring Boot:
@PostMapping("/products")
public void addProduct(@RequestBody ProductDTO dto) { ... }
```
> 💡 **Why recruiters should care**:  
> I’ve already built what Spring automates — I’ll master it **3x faster** than typical juniors.

---

> ✨ **I’m ready to turn this foundation into Spring expertise — starting tomorrow.**

Commit message:

added recrutier ROI focus to main README and first java prototypes

README.md, after:

# spring-ready-foundation
> ⚡ **Key message to the recruiter**:  
> *"I'm not learning Spring from scratch — I've **already built enterprise patterns** in C++/Go.  
> Spring will accelerate my growth, but the foundation is already here."*

---

## 🔗 Why this matters for **your Java Trainee program**
| Your requirement    | My proof                                              | Your benefit (why hire me NOW)                                                                 |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Java Core / OOP** | 1 year self-study + C++ projects                      | → I’ll **skip 2 months of onboarding** — my C++ ООП = ready for Spring beans (no theory needed) |
| **SQL / DB**        | SQLite CRUD in C++ (`ShopDB.find_product_by_model()`) | → I’ll ship **JPA features in 1 week**, not 1 month (I know *why* Spring automates SQL)         |
| **Microservices**   | 3 Go services (router, weather API, Authentication)   | → My Go router = **production-ready prototype** for Spring Cloud Gateway (see Java translation below) |
| **DevOps**          | Docker/microk8s in course project                     | → Ready for **FinTech infrastructure** from Day 1 (no "Hello World" phase)                     |

---

## 🚀 My flagship project: C++ CGI → Spring Boot **in 10 lines**
```cpp
// In my code (main.cpp, line 45):
if (option == 7) { /* Adding a product */ }
```
```java
// What it will look like in Spring Boot (I’m already doing this):
@PostMapping("/products")
public void addProduct(@RequestBody ProductDTO dto) { ... } // ← 1:1 replacement of my C++ logic
```
💡 Why this gives you a return on investment: I’ve already built what Spring automates — you will get a productive developer in two weeks, not two months.

⚡ **Java Prototypes:** proof that I'm already on the move

| **My project Go** | **Translation to Java**                                                                        | **Your advantage**                                                                           |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| router            | [router](https://github.com/IGRONAUT/spring-ready-foundation/tree/main/java-prototypes/router) | Basic routing logic READY → I will implement Spring Cloud Gateway immediately after training |
✨ I am ready to turn this foundation into Spring expertise — starting tomorrow. No waiting for an internship: the router proves that I’m already translating my Go experience into Spring.
